# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt --universal
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
colorama==0.4.6 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via loguru
comtypes==1.4.11 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via pyttsx3
loguru==0.7.3
    # via dynamic-hypno-generator (pyproject.toml)
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   dynamic-hypno-generator (pyproject.toml)
    #   pedalboard
pedalboard==0.9.19
    # via dynamic-hypno-generator (pyproject.toml)
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via dynamic-hypno-generator (pyproject.toml)
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyobjc==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyttsx3
pyobjc-core==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-accounts
    #   pyobjc-framework-addressbook
    #   pyobjc-framework-adservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-adsupport
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency
    #   pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging
    #   pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-automator
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-avrouting
    #   pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-businesschat
    #   pyobjc-framework-calendarstore
    #   pyobjc-framework-callkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-carbon
    #   pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-classkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cocoa
    #   pyobjc-framework-collaboration
    #   pyobjc-framework-colorsync
    #   pyobjc-framework-contacts
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
    #   pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-coredata
    #   pyobjc-framework-corehaptics
    #   pyobjc-framework-corelocation
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremedia
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremediaio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremidi
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreml
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremotion
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-corespotlight
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-corewlan
    #   pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-datadetection
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicecheck
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicediscoveryextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecording
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
    #   pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration
    #   pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback
    #   pyobjc-framework-eventkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling
    #   pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy
    #   pyobjc-framework-extensionkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileprovider
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui
    #   pyobjc-framework-findersync
    #   pyobjc-framework-fsevents
    #   pyobjc-framework-fskit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-healthkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore
    #   pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-installerplugins
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-intents
    #   pyobjc-framework-intentsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui
    #   pyobjc-framework-iosurface
    #   pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping
    #   pyobjc-framework-launchservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-libdispatch
    #   pyobjc-framework-libxpc
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
    #   pyobjc-framework-mailkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-metal
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalfx
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph
    #   pyobjc-framework-metrickit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mlcompute
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity
    #   pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage
    #   pyobjc-framework-netfs
    #   pyobjc-framework-network
    #   pyobjc-framework-networkextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-opendirectory
    #   pyobjc-framework-osakit
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-passkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-pencilkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-phase
    #   pyobjc-framework-photos
    #   pyobjc-framework-photosui
    #   pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes
    #   pyobjc-framework-pushkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-replaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-safariservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screensaver
    #   pyobjc-framework-screentime
    #   pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge
    #   pyobjc-framework-searchkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-security
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityui
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore
    #   pyobjc-framework-shazamkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-social
    #   pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-speech
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-storekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-symbols
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemextensions
    #   pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotifications
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-virtualization
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
    #   pyobjc-framework-webkit
pyobjc-framework-accessibility==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-accounts==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
pyobjc-framework-addressbook==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-adservices==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-adsupport==11.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-applicationservices==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-automator==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-avfoundation==11.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer
    #   pyobjc-framework-phase
pyobjc-framework-avkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-avrouting==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '23.4' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-businesschat==11.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-calendarstore==11.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-callkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-carbon==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cinematic==11.1 ; platform_release >= '23.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-classkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cloudkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cocoa==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-accounts
    #   pyobjc-framework-addressbook
    #   pyobjc-framework-adservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-adsupport
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-applescriptobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-apptrackingtransparency
    #   pyobjc-framework-audiovideobridging
    #   pyobjc-framework-authenticationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-automaticassessmentconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-automator
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-avrouting
    #   pyobjc-framework-backgroundassets
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-businesschat
    #   pyobjc-framework-calendarstore
    #   pyobjc-framework-callkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-carbon
    #   pyobjc-framework-cfnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-classkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-collaboration
    #   pyobjc-framework-colorsync
    #   pyobjc-framework-contacts
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
    #   pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-coredata
    #   pyobjc-framework-corehaptics
    #   pyobjc-framework-corelocation
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremedia
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremediaio
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremidi
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreml
    #   pyobjc-framework-coremotion
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-corespotlight
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-corewlan
    #   pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-datadetection
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicecheck
    #   pyobjc-framework-devicediscoveryextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecording
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
    #   pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration
    #   pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback
    #   pyobjc-framework-eventkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling
    #   pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy
    #   pyobjc-framework-extensionkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileprovider
    #   pyobjc-framework-findersync
    #   pyobjc-framework-fsevents
    #   pyobjc-framework-fskit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-healthkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore
    #   pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-installerplugins
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-intents
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth
    #   pyobjc-framework-iosurface
    #   pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping
    #   pyobjc-framework-libdispatch
    #   pyobjc-framework-libxpc
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
    #   pyobjc-framework-mailkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-metal
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metrickit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mlcompute
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity
    #   pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage
    #   pyobjc-framework-netfs
    #   pyobjc-framework-network
    #   pyobjc-framework-networkextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter
    #   pyobjc-framework-opendirectory
    #   pyobjc-framework-osakit
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-passkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-pencilkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-photos
    #   pyobjc-framework-photosui
    #   pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes
    #   pyobjc-framework-pushkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-replaykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-safariservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-screensaver
    #   pyobjc-framework-screentime
    #   pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge
    #   pyobjc-framework-security
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityui
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore
    #   pyobjc-framework-shazamkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-social
    #   pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-speech
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-storekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-symbols
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration
    #   pyobjc-framework-systemextensions
    #   pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork
    #   pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotifications
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
    #   pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-virtualization
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
    #   pyobjc-framework-webkit
pyobjc-framework-collaboration==11.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-colorsync==11.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-contacts==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-contactsui
pyobjc-framework-contactsui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreaudio==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit
pyobjc-framework-coreaudiokit==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-corebluetooth==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coredata==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-syncservices
pyobjc-framework-corehaptics==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-corelocation==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cloudkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
pyobjc-framework-coremedia==11.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-mediaextension
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
pyobjc-framework-coremediaio==11.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coremidi==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreml==11.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
pyobjc-framework-coremotion==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coreservices==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-launchservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-searchkit
pyobjc-framework-corespotlight==11.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-coretext==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
pyobjc-framework-corewlan==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-cryptotokenkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-datadetection==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-devicecheck==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-devicediscoveryextension==11.1 ; platform_release >= '24.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-dictionaryservices==11.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-discrecording==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui
pyobjc-framework-discrecordingui==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-diskarbitration==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-dvdplayback==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-eventkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-exceptionhandling==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-executionpolicy==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-extensionkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-externalaccessory==11.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-fileprovider==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui
pyobjc-framework-fileproviderui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-findersync==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-fsevents==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-coreservices
pyobjc-framework-fskit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '24.4' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamecenter==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamecontroller==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gamekit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-healthkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-imagecapturecore==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-inputmethodkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-installerplugins==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-instantmessage==11.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-intents==11.1 ; platform_release >= '16.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-intentsui
pyobjc-framework-intentsui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-iobluetooth==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui
pyobjc-framework-iobluetoothui==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-iosurface==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-ituneslibrary==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-kernelmanagement==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-latentsemanticmapping==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-launchservices==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-libdispatch==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-libxpc==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-localauthentication==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui
pyobjc-framework-localauthenticationembeddedui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mailkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mapkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaaccessibility==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaextension==11.1 ; platform_release >= '24.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-medialibrary==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediaplayer==11.1 ; platform_release >= '16.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mediatoolbox==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metal==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-cinematic
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalfx
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders
pyobjc-framework-metalfx==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metalkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshaders==11.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph
pyobjc-framework-metalperformanceshadersgraph==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-metrickit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-mlcompute==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-modelio==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-multipeerconnectivity==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-naturallanguage==11.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-netfs==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-network==11.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-networkextension==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-notificationcenter==11.1 ; platform_release >= '14.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-opendirectory==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-osakit==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-oslog==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-passkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-pencilkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-phase==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-photos==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-photosui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '15.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-preferencepanes==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-pushkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-quartz==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-accessibility
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-avfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-avkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-browserenginekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-gamekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-instantmessage
    #   pyobjc-framework-linkpresentation
    #   pyobjc-framework-mapkit
    #   pyobjc-framework-medialibrary
    #   pyobjc-framework-modelio
    #   pyobjc-framework-oslog
    #   pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing
    #   pyobjc-framework-safetykit
    #   pyobjc-framework-scenekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis
    #   pyobjc-framework-spritekit
    #   pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox
    #   pyobjc-framework-vision
pyobjc-framework-quicklookthumbnailing==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-replaykit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-safariservices==11.1 ; platform_release >= '16.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-safetykit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-scenekit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screencapturekit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.4' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screensaver==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-screentime==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-scriptingbridge==11.1 ; platform_release >= '9.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-searchkit==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-security==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-localauthentication
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityinterface
    #   pyobjc-framework-securityui
pyobjc-framework-securityfoundation==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-securityinterface==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-securityui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '24.4' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sensitivecontentanalysis==11.1 ; platform_release >= '23.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-servicemanagement==11.1 ; platform_release >= '10.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyoucore==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-sharedwithyou
pyobjc-framework-shazamkit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '21.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-social==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-soundanalysis==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-speech==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-spritekit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '13.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-gameplaykit
pyobjc-framework-storekit==11.1 ; platform_release >= '11.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-symbols==11.1 ; platform_release >= '23.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-syncservices==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-systemconfiguration==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-systemextensions==11.1 ; platform_release >= '19.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-threadnetwork==11.1 ; platform_release >= '22.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-uniformtypeidentifiers==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-usernotifications==11.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via
    #   pyobjc
    #   pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui
pyobjc-framework-usernotificationsui==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-videosubscriberaccount==11.1 ; platform_release >= '18.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-videotoolbox==11.1 ; platform_release >= '12.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-virtualization==11.1 ; platform_release >= '20.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-vision==11.1 ; platform_release >= '17.0' and sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pyobjc-framework-webkit==11.1 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via pyobjc
pypiwin32==223 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via pyttsx3
pyttsx3==2.99
    # via dynamic-hypno-generator (pyproject.toml)
pywin32==311 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   pypiwin32
    #   pyttsx3
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
win32-setctime==1.2.0 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via loguru
